Create README.md - apply brand color - before (#3)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-ios-tutorials: apply-brand-color/before/README.md

# Apply brand color to Sendbird UIKit iOS

[Tutorial link](https://sendbird.com/docs/chat/uikit/v3/ios/tutorial/apply-brand-color)

This repository contains the source code for the tutorial on how to apply brand color to Sendbird UIKit iOS.

> The `before` folder contains the source code before the tutorial, and the `after` folder contains the source code after the tutorial.

Author: ```suggestion
Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source code before the tutorial, and the `after` folder contains the source code after the tutorial.
```

> Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source code before the tutorial, and the `after` folder contains the source code after the tutorial.

Author: ```suggestion
Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source codes you should have before integrating Sendbird UIKit through the tutorial. On the other hand, the `after` folder contains the source codes after completing the integration.
```

> Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source codes you should have before integrating Sendbird UIKit through the tutorial. On the other hand, the `after` folder contains the source codes after completing the integration.

Author: ```suggestion
Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source codes you should have before applying your custom color set to Sendbird UIKit through the tutorial. On the other hand, the `after` folder contains the source codes after completing the application.
```
